well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about a
Labor Day
what is it other than the official end
of hotdog season really that's a thing
and Labor Day is really the end of it to
Europeans and pretty much everybody else
in the world it's May Day this is when
we celebrate May Day to Americans it's
the day we don't wear white after
there's three theories about that rule
one is that the upper class well the old
money didn't like the new money so they
came up with crazy fashion rules so they
could spot the new money coming this was
one of them the other is that a book
ends the seasons so you don't need
summery white clothing after Labor Day
the third is that fashion magazines kind
of came up with the rule because this is
when they start running ads for fall
clothing
what is it really how did it really
start depends on whether or not you
believe in the book of Peter or Matthew
Maguire two guys both proposed the same
thing around the same time both were
Union guys and it was a celebration of
labor of union activity of blue-collar
workers of socialist ideals the first
Labor Day was September 5th 1852 in New
York and it was a parade put on by the
central labor union and it carried on
like that for a number of years and then
in the 1880s well organized labor
started getting really organized that's
when you had the Haymarket Riot and
that's kind of where May Day comes from
and in 1894 the pullman sleeping car
company well they laid a bunch of people
off and those people that's got to keep
their jobs well their wages were cut by
up to 1/3 but they didn't lower the rent
or the prices in the company town this
caused a strike
Grover Cleveland was president he liked
to be seen as a friend to labor so he
signed legislation enacting labor day
just before he sent federal troops to
this strike to crush it where they wound
up opening fire on the strike and
killing 30 about wounding a whole bunch
of others we have labor day because it
was supposed to be a cover people were
supposed to be talking about this rather
than him crushing the strike he didn't
know the outcome of the strike and how
it was going to be put down quite as
violently as it was
that's where Labor Day comes from you
guys be careful this weekend it is one
of the most dangerous weekend's in the
year I think second only to Memorial Day
so be careful enjoy your hot dogs and
remember this is a day to celebrate
lefty ideas really anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good day